Update the bootstrap guide for ``tomllib`` (#739)
takluyver/flit: doc/bootstrap.rst

    # Install somewhere else:
    python bootstrap_install.py --installdir /path/to/site-packages dist/flit_core-*.whl

In Python 3.11 and newer, ``flit_core`` uses the standard library :mod:`tomllib`

> module, meaning that ``flit_core`` has no third-party dependencies.

Reviewer: It's vendored for all Python versions, just not used in `>=3.11`.

    # Install somewhere else:
    python bootstrap_install.py --installdir /path/to/site-packages dist/flit_core-*.whl

.. note::

   This note only applies if you need to unbundle or unvendor dependencies.

   ``flit_core`` unconditionally bundles the ``tomli`` TOML parser,
   to avoid a dependency cycle for older versions of Python that don't include
   the standard library :mod:`tomllib` module.

   The ``tomli`` library is only used on Python 3.10 and older, meaning that

>    if you use Python 3.11 or newer you can safely unbundle ``tomli``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   if you use Python 3.11 or newer you can simply remove the bundled ``tomli``.
```
